well this is a fun group welcome to
detention Spencer
Stephanie fridge Martha you're all here
for a reason
you should be thinking about who you are
and who you want to be you'll have
plenty of time to figure that out while
you're cleaning out the basement are you
gonna help are you - pretty I'm too
pretty
yeah what's this a game for those who
seek to find a way to leave their world
behind Jumanji you pick a character and
you're that person in the game what's
going offered I don't think it matters
how much you spin ball sounds like a
badass I'll be the curvy genius dr.
smolder brave stop
guess I'm Ruby roundhouse
guys where's the rest of me my god
Brits damn fridge who you me Spencer she
[Music]
why are wearing half a shirt and short
shorts in the jungle think we got sucked
into Jumanji and we become the avatars
we chose so that means Bethany Bethany
don't look at it middle-aged man I don't
have my claritin and all I see around
here is Paul well I don't have a top two
feet of my body damn there's a man right
there don't cry don't cry don't cry it's
gonna be okay this is a video game which
means we all have special skills
it was so intense I like can't even with
this place
[Music]
maybe world what metal game machine
muscle like
get in there saver I'm not gonna get in
there you get in there yeah I got a
backpack oh you don't get water with a
backpack everybody knows that